# Senior-Seminar
The difficulty of this project lies in creating an algorithm to efficiently develop a table and avoid students participating in demonstrations repeatedly as required. Therefore, my approach to this project is to use a large number of arrays and for loops. Some arrays will be used to store pre-allocated speeches and students, while others will be used to store unallocated speeches and students. There are five speeches in each time period, and each time period can accommodate sixteen students. This means that 80 students can participate in a speech in one time period. However, there are only 74 students in total, so if sorted by time period, there will be no overcapacity as there are fewer students than the number of available spots. I used this as a starting point and recorded the number of times each speech was liked by students in 18 speeches, and sorted the speeches according to these counts using the bubble sort algorithm. The top five favorites (if there are no duplicates) are scheduled for each time period, and the number of times a speech is given is recorded. Students cannot participate in a second speech in the same time period, and after each speech, students will be moved to a new array list. After the speech ends, the speech will be moved to a new list, and it cannot be given a second time in the same time period. Once speeches are arranged for students who prefer them in a time period, the remaining students will not be matched according to their preferences, and they will be randomly inserted into speeches with available spots. The same principles are applied to calculate the other time periods.

87 conflicts
